EMDS: Implement emergency data storage (#7525)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/others/emds.rst

All memory areas must be provided through entries containing an ID, data pointer, and data length, using the :c:func:`emds_entry_add` function and the :c:macro:`EMDS_STATIC_ENTRY_DEFINE` macro.
Entries to be stored when the emergency data storage is triggered need their own unique IDs that are not changed after a reboot.

When all entries are added, the :c:func:`emds_load` function restores the entries into the memory areas from the flash.

After restoring the previous data, the application must run the :c:func:`emds_prepare` function to prepare the flash area for receiving new entries.
If the remaining empty flash area is smaller than the required data size, the flash area will be automatically erased to increase the available flash area.

The storage is done in deterministic time, so it is possible to know how long it takes to store all registered entries.
However, this is chip-dependent, so it is important to measure the time. The `Nordic Semiconductor Infocenter`_ contains chip information and datasheet, and timing values can be found under the "Electical specification" for the Non-volatile memory controller.
The following Kconfig options can be configured:

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EMDS_FLASH_TIME_BASE_OVERHEAD_US`

Reviewer: Line 42 is repeating this again.

Author: This is listing up the three values. While line 42 is talking about worst time. Rearranged this a little bit.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EMDS_FLASH_TIME_BASE_OVERHEAD_US`

Reviewer: Is this BASE overhead available in the datasheet?

Author: It is mostly affected by the sector erase time or partial erase time.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EMDS_FLASH_TIME_ENTRY_OVERHEAD_US`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EMDS_FLASH_TIME_BASE_OVERHEAD_US`

When changing the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EMDS_FLASH_TIME_BASE_OVERHEAD_US` option, it is important that the worst time is considered.

Also consider the time for erase when doing garbage collection in NVS.

> If partial erase is not enabled or supported, the time of a complete sector erase has to be included.

Reviewer: `... the time of a complete sector erase has to be included.` ... where to include this, in the application code or in some macro?

> When partial erase is enabled and supported by the hardware, include the time it takes for the scheduler to trigger, which is depending on the time defined in :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE_MS`.

Reviewer: `include the time it takes for the scheduler to trigger`: Is there any standardized way to measure this, or is this time available somewhere in some KConfig settings? Otherwise, this is quite vague and will generate devzone questions.

But: If this is complicated to fix now, we could improve this later through a separate task.

Author: This is a time the user can set in KConfig.

The application must call the :c:func:`emds_store` function to store all entries.
This can only be done once, before the :c:func:`emds_prepare` function must be called again.
When invoked, the :c:func:`emds_store` function triggers the emergency data store process in a separate thread, and then stores all the registered entries.
Invocation of this call should be performed when the application detects loss of power, or when a reboot is triggered.

.. note::
    Before calling the :c:func:`emds_store` function, the application should try shutting down the application-specific features that consume a lot of power.
    Shutting down these features may prolong the time the CPU is alive, and improve the storage time.

>     For example, if Bluetooth is used, disabling Bluetooth before shutdown will save power, and stopping the MPSL scheduler will increase the storage speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, if Bluetooth is used, disabling Bluetooth before shutdown will save power, and stopping the MPSL scheduler will shorten the total time required to complete the store operation.
```
